Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Vincent are granddaughter,brother.
Question: Vincent is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jennifer to James are father,brother.
Question: James is Jennifer's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lisa to Lewis are son,brother.
Question: Lewis is Lisa's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Michael are daughter,uncle.
Question: Michael is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Joe to Michael are mother,brother.
Question: Michael is Joe's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to David are sister,son.
Question: David is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Scott to James are mother,brother.
Question: James is Scott's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Jennifer are son,daughter.
Question: Jennifer is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Christopher to Gabrielle are daughter,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Christopher's what?
Context: The relations on the path from David to Scott are mother,son.
Question: Scott is David's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to Dwight are son,uncle.
Question: Dwight is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to Myrna are son,aunt.
Question: Myrna is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Gabrielle are daughter,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Dorothy are daughter,aunt.
Question: Dorothy is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Guillermina to Gabrielle are sister,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Guillermina's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Russell are son,brother.
Question: Russell is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Vincent to Gabrielle are father,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Vincent's what?
Context: The relations on the path from William to Myrna are wife,mother.
Question: Myrna is William's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Jason are son,grandfather.
Question: Jason is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Vincent are brother,son.
Question: Vincent is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Gabrielle are son,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Aida are sister,daughter.
Question: Aida is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Myrna are son,aunt.
Question: Myrna is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jose to Dwight are father,brother.
Question: Dwight is Jose's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Donna to Lisa are husband,mother.
Question: Lisa is Donna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from David to Dorothy are mother,sister.
Question: Dorothy is David's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Myrna are mother,sister.
Question: Myrna is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jeffrey to Myrna are wife,mother.
Question: Myrna is Jeffrey's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to Jennifer are father,daughter.
Question: Jennifer is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Alma are daughter,aunt.
Question: Alma is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Michael are daughter,uncle.
Question: Michael is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Vincent to Aida are mother,daughter.
Question: Aida is Vincent's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to Lisa are mother,sister.
Question: Lisa is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Aida are daughter,daughter.
Question: Aida is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to Michael are sister,father.
Question: Michael is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Jose are brother,son.
Question: Jose is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Jason are mother,father.
Question: Jason is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Scott to Lewis are mother,son.
Question: Lewis is Scott's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Jennifer are grandson,sister.
Question: Jennifer is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from David to Lewis are mother,son.
Question: Lewis is David's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lewis to Dorothy are mother,sister.
Question: Dorothy is Lewis's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Deborah to Lisa are husband,mother.
Question: Lisa is Deborah's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jennifer to Donald are father,son.
Question: Donald is Jennifer's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Micheal to Dorothy are wife,mother.
Question: Dorothy is Micheal's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Donald are brother,son.
Question: Donald is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to Donald are father,son.
Question: Donald is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Christopher are father,brother.
Question: Christopher is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Jeffrey are daughter,husband.
Question: Jeffrey is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Marci to Dorothy are husband,mother.
Question: Dorothy is Marci's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Michelle are daughter,sister.
Question: Michelle is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Jason are daughter,grandfather.
Question: Jason is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Dan are daughter,brother.
Question: Dan is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Jason are son,grandfather.
Question: Jason is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Gabrielle are daughter,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lucille to Christopher are sister,father.
Question: Christopher is Lucille's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Donald to Jennifer are father,daughter.
Question: Jennifer is Donald's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to Gabrielle are father,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michelle to Aida are father,daughter.
Question: Aida is Michelle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Angela to Gabrielle are father,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Angela's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alfred to Myrna are wife,mother.
Question: Myrna is Alfred's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lisa to Michelle are sister,daughter.
Question: Michelle is Lisa's what?
Context: The relations on the path from David to Gabrielle are mother,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is David's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Donald to Dorothy are father,sister.
Question: Dorothy is Donald's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Russell are brother,son.
Question: Russell is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Dan are daughter,son.
Question: Dan is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Asia to James are father,brother.
Question: James is Asia's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Christopher to Jason are daughter,grandfather.
Question: Jason is Christopher's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Kevin to James are wife,father.
Question: James is Kevin's what?
Context: The relations on the path from William to Christopher are wife,father.
Question: Christopher is William's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Annette to Michael are husband,father.
Question: Michael is Annette's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Angela to Myrna are sister,mother.
Question: Myrna is Angela's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Vincent are daughter,brother.
Question: Vincent is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Russell to Donald are father,son.
Question: Donald is Russell's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Myrna are son,aunt.
Question: Myrna is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Michelle are daughter,daughter.
Question: Michelle is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Jason are wife,father.
Question: Jason is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Joe to Gabrielle are mother,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Joe's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lewis to Lisa are brother,mother.
Question: Lisa is Lewis's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Christopher to Dwight are daughter,uncle.
Question: Dwight is Christopher's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Donna to Dwight are husband,father.
Question: Dwight is Donna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Michelle are mother,daughter.
Question: Michelle is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Gabrielle are daughter,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Donald to Jason are sister,grandfather.
Question: Jason is Donald's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jose to Dwight are mother,brother.
Question: Dwight is Jose's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jennifer to Lisa are father,sister.
Question: Lisa is Jennifer's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dan to Lisa are father,sister.
Question: Lisa is Dan's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Joe are daughter,son.
Question: Joe is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Scott are daughter,son.
Question: Scott is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Michelle are sister,daughter.
Question: Michelle is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to David are sister,son.
Question: David is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Russell to Myrna are father,sister.
Question: Myrna is Russell's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Angela to Guillermina are father,daughter.
Question: Guillermina is Angela's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Myrna are daughter,aunt.
Question: Myrna is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Vincent are daughter,son.
Question: Vincent is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Michael are mother,brother.
Question: Michael is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dorothy to Michelle are daughter,sister.
Question: Michelle is Dorothy's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jose to Guillermina are mother,daughter.
Question: Guillermina is Jose's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Joe to Jason are mother,father.
Question: Jason is Joe's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Angela are son,daughter.
Question: Angela is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from James to Angela are brother,daughter.
Question: Angela is James's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jennifer to Gabrielle are brother,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Jennifer's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to Jason are husband,father.
Question: Jason is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to Jennifer are son,sister.
Question: Jennifer is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Angela to Jason are father,father.
Question: Jason is Angela's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michelle to Dan are father,son.
Question: Dan is Michelle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Lisa are son,sister.
Question: Lisa is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Dorothy are son,sister.
Question: Dorothy is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Christopher are daughter,uncle.
Question: Christopher is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Vincent to Gabrielle are mother,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Vincent's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jeffrey to Christopher are wife,father.
Question: Christopher is Jeffrey's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jose to Jason are father,father.
Question: Jason is Jose's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Alma to Donald are daughter,brother.
Question: Donald is Alma's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Aida to Dan are mother,son.
Question: Dan is Aida's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lucille to Gabrielle are father,mother.
Question: Gabrielle is Lucille's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Myrna to Guillermina are daughter,sister.
Question: Guillermina is Myrna's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Vincent to Michelle are mother,daughter.
Question: Michelle is Vincent's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Lucille are daughter,daughter.
Question: Lucille is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Jason to Michael are daughter,brother.
Question: Michael is Jason's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dan to Jason are mother,father.
Question: Jason is Dan's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Guillermina are son,daughter.
Question: Guillermina is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Dwight to Lucille are brother,daughter.
Question: Lucille is Dwight's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Annette to Alma are husband,mother.
Question: Alma is Annette's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Gabrielle to Aida are son,daughter.
Question: Aida is Gabrielle's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Michael to Christopher are son,uncle.
Question: Christopher is Michael's what?
Context: The relations on the path from Lewis to Gabrielle are brother,grandmother.
Question: Gabrielle is Lewis's what?
